hey guys i purchased away from my local
beauty supply and it's by NYX and knocks
it's a swiss lace lace front way and the
item number is f l w utg is also known
as a town girl it's a really cute wig
it's about 10 to 12 inches and lymph
straight it's a slight curve at the
bottom to give a rap effect slightly
layered really pretty very soft to the
touch and I think it's great one thing I
already cut the lace from the front and
I'll show you in a second but it seems
as if a manufacturer added a little bit
more lace in the very very front of the
cap which you can see that you shape on
the inside of the cap in the very front
it allows just a little more lace in the
very front of the wig once you put it on
there are three combs in the front one
in the back and they have the bands on
the side for you to clip on to the
inside of the way to for extra security
and I think that that's great because
there's no way in the world this week is
one any
with all of that security I'm just going
to go ahead and put the wig on now and
guys if you see me changing colors it's
just the lighting and the camera for
this video for some reason I'm changing
colors i have no idea hopefully that'll
go away for the next couple of videos i
do but right now i'm placing the first
clip in our first Coleman and now I'm
securing the other two side ones and I'm
also going to New sit your the back now
on the side there are two metal wires
made into the cap which allow for them
to be shaped to contour to the shape of
your head I think those are great as
well so that the side the sides of the
way don't lift up you stay down and
tightly secured around the frame of your
face my life is like so much that I had
to go ahead and purchase new utensils so
that I could keep the oil from getting
in there because the Heron really flowy
I want to keep it that way so now I'm
going to show you how far back that
links girls and it's probably about an
inch inch and a half in the very front
and maybe on the sides in age but it's
definitely sufficient the way the lid
was made it seems as if the hair is
supposed to go straight back so if you
wanted to part the hair on the side it
may lift up a little depending on which
way you part it but my way of fixing
that is either to the cliffs on the
sides
Park the way and place clips on the
sides overnight securing it and making
it lay down and hopefully it will keep
that shape or sleeping in the wig and
tying it down with a silk scarf but I
have no problems wearing that leg
straight back I think it's very pretty
and just a great overall simple straight
look and that's what I like so much
about it it's simple straight not a
whole lot so it can be your everyday
wake no problem i'm going to show you
guys the back in just a moment the sides
in the back so check it out and the hair
feels really nice I love how soft it is
and I can see this being really easy sky
just an FYI you can lift this hair up
into a high ponytail or low ponytail
just the way that there was ditched in
to the back of the cap it allows for you
to lift the hair up about it being
without your natural hair being exposed
I should have showed you that I
apologize but it's okay for that and I
just run like this with a lot we will
see how it holds up over time but
definitely worth it at eight thirty
dollars 30 $32 so i would buy it again
if it holds that well thanks for
watching
Oh